This is a story of the fantastic doodle island. Once upon the time, there was a little cat named Jojo. After came back from visiting another island, Jojo's mom is now seriously sick from deadly Carbonara virus. Jojo is really worried about this, but the island's prophet tells him that he can save his mom if he has a specific potion that can only find in Duo's island. However, Jojo can't simply get into that island because there is a double verification.

Unphased, Jojo prepared to sneak onto Duo's Island. He would do whatever it might take to get the potion to save his mom. Jojo knew that there were smugglers that liked to hang around the docks at night. He waited until nightfall, watching the docks, and sure enough, he spotted the smugglers. Jojo, attempting to be as casual as possible, began to walk toward the boat the smugglers were gathered around. Soon enough, he was in their midst. Knowing that there was not any time to lose, Jojo decided to speak up in a loud voice, asking "Who can take me to Duo's Island?" The smugglers were offput by the stranger who drew so much attention to himself. Cautious, as all smugglers are, they began to shuffle away. Within five minutes, they were all gone, except one. The final smuggler approached Jojo, and said "I can take you past the island, but I'm not stoppin'. I'll get you close enough, but you're gonna have to swim the rest of the way yourself." Jojo instantly agreed, knowing that he had no other choice. His one problem--Jojo was petrified of the water.

As he rode with the smuggler to Duo Island he could feel the fear in his body
continue to swell and grow larger. He felt as if he was about to explode with 
fear. He really did not want to swim, but it was his only option if he wanted
to save his mother. It finally came time for him to get off. The smuggler
yelled, "This is your stop!" from the bow of the ship. Jojo jumped. He started
to swim for his life, the quicker he same the quicker he could get out of the
water. He reached Duo Island after what seemed like a lifetime of swimming. He 
was so happy to have reached the shore, yet now he had to find the potion that 
the prophet was talking about. He had no information of how to find this potion,
and he had no idea where to start. He also had no idea how he would return, 
since he was watching his ride sail away to sea.
Jojo was trembling with fear and anxiety as he was not used to being in 
uncharted terittory before. He then got a hold of himself and he keenly 
started to absorve his surroundings.There was A tropical forest behind him.
A sandy beach existed where he stood currently.He then started to move slowly
towards the forest in search of the potion that could cure the virus. 
Suddenly he saw a volcano erupting in a distance. He ran to the other direction
where he was greeted by a swarm of wild, stingy bees. In the chaos he saw the
purpilish coloured honeycomb of those bees and he realized that the cure 
potion was also of the same colour.
